we begin with breaking news there's just
been an Israeli air strike on one of the
main roads leading towards Southern Gaza
several people have been rushed to
hospital alaz Han Mahmud joins us from
Han Yunis inside the Gaza Strip we're
just receiving uh these pictures Hani
what more can you tell us about what
happened yes well this is exactly what
was happening in the past half an hour
or so as Palestinians from Gaza and the
northern part taking salahadin road all
the way to the central part of Gaza and
the southern part of the Gaza Strip and
we're targeted by Israeli tank shell the
the brutality of what we just saw on
live pictures on TV is unmat these are
the people the very people who were told
to evacuate and to take salahadin road
because it's a safe corridor
found them themselves under heavy
artillery shelling and tanks shells
several of these people were seriously
injured with multiple number of people
were killed were rushed to sh Hospital
in the city of Dar the closest hospital
to salahadin Road and one of the first
areas uh in the central part of Gaza
Strip This is what we have been
concerned about all day long and all the
past days and this is what people inside
Gaza and the noran have been worried
about and afraid of that there are no
terms to what Israelis are telling them
what the military what the IDF is
telling it's all lies the IDF is lying
to people the Israeli military is lying
to people when they tell them that there
is a safe Corridor when it forced them
under heavy bombardment to go to
salahadin road because they want them to
evacuate because it's safe when it's not
safe at all that's exactly what's going
on these are the 4-Hour h
that we that they talked about that
people could between in those hours
could take these roads and run to safety
but they're not safe this is exactly the
feeling of everyone everyone is
frustrated angry at what happened uh and
it just there's no trust whatsoever
people are killed indiscriminately
they're killed
intentionally uh it just it's beyond
imagination what happens to people it
will definitely H this Carriage the many
thousand who are stilling Gaza and the
northern part to leave because this is
what will happen to them on the road a
road that was designated as safe for
them and before they get to
the the the beginning of the Central
Area before they get to the safe area
they are targeted by those tanks
shell it's like what in the words of of
a a Jewish political science scientist
who said Israel is at war with
Palestinian civilian children and women
not with anyone else and that's exactly
a proof of what
happened honey uh I want to go through
again what we know again this has just
happened it's 14 GMT it's that means
it's 4 p.m. where you are in Gaza we've
just got these pictures that our viewers
are seeing in the center of their screen
that is um what we're seeing are Gins
who were hit as they were trying to
leave the north try and put the
geography in place for us where were
they what route did they take and where
were they trying to go just the basics
and if you've already said it just
that's fine you can repeat it this is
all just
happening right okay okay well these
were people mainly concentrated in Gaza
City and the northern part and what
basic if we look at just technicality of
what happened these people had to walk
about combine about 25 to 30 kilm coming
from Deep Center of Gaza and the
northern part all the way to Salah Road
and walk all the way to the uh the
military checkpoint that been set up by
the Israeli military uh with no
belongings whatsoever people had to drop
everything on the road and just walk
with their hands above their head and
with their ID so people as window was
open this morning from 10: to 2: or 3:00
p.m. I believe uh we're told leave the
area because it's safe to go to the
South they lived under heavy bombardment
we' seen people in the in rantis
hospital shifa hospital were targeted
repeatedly as of this morning and and
and and late hour of last night uh they
had to leave run for their life as they
were either way they were going to get
killed But the irony of this just they
found themselves Target on the road that
would supposedly be safe for them and
that's what makes this whole thing more
tragic and more frustrating it's it's
definitely frustrating to me but I I can
imagine what feeling these people had
they had to run for their life and let
me tell you this and our viewers you can
see in the group who are evacuating
fleeing Gaza and the north part on zah
road some of the most vulnerable people
are walking walking this long distance
because no cars is allowed uh we're
talking about elderly people with a
chronic disease people on wheelchairs uh
children and and those with
lifethreatening conditions had to walk
all this long distance and on top of
that on top of the exhaustion that they
experienced they were scared to
hell because of the continuous
bombardment and the shelves that fell on
them
unpredictably but we all knew that these
people had feeling that it's not safe we
knew it was it was not safe at all
because we heard the stories from
yesterdays when we talked to people who
came they saw bodies lying on the side
of the road they saw burned cars and
ambulance few weeks ago two weeks ago
the coastal Road had the same experience
people were told leave and then because
it's it's safe on the road it's safe in
the southern part but they were
killed killed right on a Rashid Road and
their bodies were left for 2 3
days this the lies continue about this
whatever
fire paw they talk about a humanitarian
seiz fire it's nothing it's just a
trap Han Mahmud uh your reporting from
hanun at this hour is just after 4M
where you are and for viewers who are
just joining us thank you very much uh
honey I I'll let you go I'll turn